a guy just came to my front door and
asked if I wanted to sponsor him doing
like a British Legion charity walk I
don't like have the money to spare for
anything at the moment like at all what
do I do in that kind of situation why
wasn't I wasn't gonna be like noted at
the money for that kind of thing really
I just mean I wasn't gonna like say I'm
not interested in slam my door in his
face he wasn't trying to sell me
something for a good cause what'd he do
so I was just like uh well I don't
actually earn anybody but my parents who
are currently on holiday which is true
probably be interested in helping you
out there so if you just pop by next
week feel kind of bad anyway so you'll
probably like where are you beam ah why
basically um I went to film license
sounds at metro station and I got food
poisoning yeah on the biggest day of
their career so far sold out gig the
footage to be fair was just come out
very well and you can see that down here
but it's a it's yeah I felt really
horrible for a few days throw up a total
of ten times on that night that was good
on the dressing room floor and shepherds
bush empire that was great not on my
tribe on the floor I was just lying on
the floor most the time getting up to
throw up filmed the set and then just
kind of ran away during the last song to
vom I'm still here still hip hop
happenin free house this week at my
house yeah not actually a boy if you
know where I live don't come here and
expect a party things are going good at
the moment works good they stop
cancelling my shifts which is kind of
them I mean they do employ me and they
seem to have forgotten that over the
last two weeks when they canceled me
every single day of the week but that's
all sorted works coming in good I'm
working I'm earning cash in my pock cash
in my pock cut in my wall cards in my
wall
hair in my helm chest in my t sh water
in my glass our w work think i'm going
to do a video soon about working out a
call center I've got more than enough
material to go and make a big friggin
video about call center work i'm not
really talk to you guys about this
really i work at maven research we're a
market research company it's a posh way
of putting call center but it's not what
i was telling anything we don't you know
we don't call up and go oh yeah so if
you also double glazing I don't think I
gonna live with myself if I did that but
its size market research surveys so you
bought a Peugeot you recently took it
first service pojo give us your details
we give you a call and ask you how that
service was yeah it still sounds like a
job doesn't it but the pay
considering what it is is very good and
you can come in wearing what you want
and it's incredibly flexible is
brilliant I can work whenever I want if
I need to take the time off you just
don't put yourself down for a shift you
don't get assigned days you just like
work whenever you want for as long as
you want for as little as you want it's
perfect but it's a job and when the
running low on work they do cancel a lot
which is what happened over the past
couple of weeks and I want to move out
soon to a flat in High Wycombe where I
live or good town next to where I live
and start fending for myself and I don't
think i can guarantee rent if I still
hold this job unless I got a contracted
job here cuz i'm just working part time
anyway these are all boring details that
you don't care so i'll see you all very
soon bye